
A.F.C. Bournemouth - Team founded in 1899 and nicknamed the Cherries. They play at Dean Court in Bournemouth and their chairman is Jeff Mostyn and their current manager is Eddie Howe.
Arsenal F.C. - Team nicknamed The Gunners who play at the Emirates Stadium in London founded in 1886 and were then called Dial Square. Their current manager is Unai Emery and their chairman is Sir Chips Keswick.
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. - Team founded in 1901 and nicknamed the Seagulls. They play at the Falmer Stadium in Brighton and their chairman is Tony Bloom while their manager is Chris Hughton.
Burnley F.C. - Team founded in 1882 and they play at Turf Moor. Their chairman is Mike Garlick and their manager is Sean Dyche. They are nicknamed the Clarets.
Chelsea F.C. - Team founded in 1905 and nicknamed the Blues and can also be nicknamed the Pensioners. They play at Stamford Bridge in London and their chairman is Bruce Buck, their owner is Roman Abramovich and their manager is Maurizio Sarri.
Crystal Palace F.C. - Team founded in 1905 and play at Selhurst Park. Their chairman is Steve Parish and their manager is Roy Hodgson. Their nickname is the Eagles.
Everton F.C. - Team founded in 1878 and their nicknames are the Toffees and the Blues. They play at Goodison Park in Liverpool and their chairman is Bill Kenwright and their manager is Marco Silva.
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. - Team founded in 1908 and play at John Smith's Stadium in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. They are nicknamed the Terriers and their chairman is Dean Hoyle and manager is Jan Siewert. This is the first time in the club's history that they play in the Premier League.
Leicester City - Team founded in 1884 and play at the King Power Stadium. Their chairman is Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha and their manager is Brendan Rodgers. They are nicknamed the Foxes.
Liverpool F.C. - Team founded in 1892 and play at Anfield in Liverpool and their manager is Jürgen Klopp and their chairman is Tom Werner. They are nicknamed the Reds and are one of England's most successful clubs and have been home to great players such as Luis Suarez and Steven Gerrard.
Manchester City F.C. - Team founded in 1880 and were then called West Gorton, their chairman is Khaldoon Al Mubarak. They have nicknames of the Citizens and the Blues. They play at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester. Their manager is Pep Guardiola.
Manchester United F.C. - Team founded in 1878 and then called Newton Heath. They are nicknamed the Red Devils and play at Old Trafford in Manchester. Their chairmen are Joel and Avram Glazer and their manager is Ole Gunnar Solskjær. They are one of the most successful English clubs and have had great players such as David Beckham, George Best and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Millwall Community Trust - Founded in 2004 by Freddie Ruby They are nicknamed MCT academy and they play at The Den
Newcastle United F.C. - Team founded in 1892 and play at St. James Park in Newcastle upon Tyne. They have the nicknames of the Magpies, the Geordies, and Toon. Their managing director is Lee Charnley and their manager is Rafael Benítez. The club will be celebrating its 125th anniversary this season.
Southampton F.C. - Team founded in 1885. They play at St. Mary's Stadium. Their manager is Ralph Hasenhüttl and their chairman is Ralph Krueger. Nicknamed the Saints.
Stoke City F.C. - Team founded in 1863 and play at the Britania Stadium. Their chairman is Peter Coates and their manager is Paul Lambert. They are nicknamed the Potters.
Swansea City A.F.C. - Team founded in 1912 and they play at the Liberty Stadium. Their chairman is Huw Jenkins and their manager is Paul Clement. They are nicknamed the Swans.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. - Team founded in 1882 and then called Hotspur FC. They play at White Hart Lane in London. Their chairman is Daniel Levy and their manager is Mauricio Pochettino. They are nicknamed Spurs.
Watford F.C. - Team founded in 1881 and they play at Vicarage Road in Watford. Their owner is Gino Pozzo, their chairman is Raffaele Riva and their head coach is Javi Garcia.
West Bromwich Albion F.C. - Team founded in 1878 and they play at the Hawthorns. Their chairman is Jeremy Pearce and their manager is Alan Pardew. They are nicknamed the Baggies.
West Ham United F.C. - Team founded in 1895 and then called Thames Ironworks FC and play at the Olympic Stadium in London. Their chairman is David Gold and David Sullivan and their manager is Davis Moyes. They are nicknamed the Hammers. Fulham
Wolverhampton Wanderers